Add real local target (#928)
kyma-project/serverless: README.md

    git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/serverless.git && cd serverless/
    ```

> 2. Run serverless from main with new k3d cluster 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new k3d cluster and run Serverless from the main branch:
```

    ```bash
    make run-main
    ```

> **NOTE:** To clean up the k3d cluster, use the `make delete-k3d` make target.

> > **NOTE:** If you have k3d already running you can use `install-*` targets to install Serverless in different flavors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If you have k3d already running, you can use the `install-*` targets to install Serverless in different flavors.
```

            secretName: my-secret
    EOF
    ```
## Troubleshooting

### Target install-serverless-local-sources - lookup k3d-kyma-registry.localhost: no such host

On some OSes there is a problem with pushing to k3d registry.
The error log may look similar:
```
+ docker push k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000/kyma-project/function-controller:local-20240426-111856
The push refers to repository [k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000/kyma-project/function-controller]
Get "https://k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000/v2/": dialing k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000 with direct connection: resolving host k3d-kyma-registry.localhost: lookup k3d-kyma-registry.localhost: no such host
make: *** [install-serverless-local-sources] Error 1
```

You have to add `127.0.0.1 k3d-kyma-registry.locahost` to your `etc/hosts`. 

> More details: https://k3d.io/v5.3.0/usage/registries/#preface-referencing-local-registries

Reviewer 2: I would suggest trying to push built image to the `localhost:5000` registry and then pull it from the `k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000` (from inside the cluster). I think in this case there is no need to push image to the `k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000` and path hosts
